c:\users\евгений\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\childApp\childApp\bin\Debug\childApp.exe.config
c:\users\евгений\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\childApp\childApp\bin\Debug\childApp.exe
c:\users\евгений\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\childApp\childApp\bin\Debug\childApp.pdb
c:\users\евгений\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\childApp\childApp\obj\Debug\childApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\евгений\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\childApp\childApp\obj\Debug\childApp.Form1.resources
c:\users\евгений\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\childApp\childApp\obj\Debug\childApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\евгений\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\childApp\childApp\obj\Debug\childApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\евгений\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\childApp\childApp\obj\Debug\childApp.exe
c:\users\евгений\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\childApp\childApp\obj\Debug\childApp.pdb
c:\users\евгений\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\childApp\childApp\bin\Debug\npgsql.dll
c:\users\евгений\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\childApp\childApp\bin\Debug\npgsql.xml
c:\users\евгений\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\childApp\childApp\obj\Debug\childApp.add_user.resources
c:\users\евгений\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\childApp\childApp\obj\Debug\childApp.all_user.resources
c:\users\евгений\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\childApp\childApp\obj\Debug\childApp.searchForm.resources
C:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\childApp\childApp\obj\Debug\childApp.period.resources
C:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\childApp\childApp\obj\Debug\childApp.charge.resources
C:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\childApp\childApp\obj\Debug\childApp.load_pay.resources
C:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\childApp\childApp\obj\Debug\childApp.pay.resources
C:\Users\Евгений\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\childApp\childApp\obj\Debug\childApp.all_charge.resources
C:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\childApp\childApp\obj\Debug\childApp.edit_user.resources
C:\Users\Евгений\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\childApp\childApp\obj\Debug\childApp.close_user.resources
